Removed criteria section, added audience (#7)
bcgov/platform-developer-docs: provision-new-openshift-project.md

Each new request must be reviewed and approved, including requests for additional projects from teams that already have one or more projects on the platform.

## Submit a project provisioning request

> If you meet the criteria, book an alignment meeting with the product director on the Platform Services team to confirm your project's suitability<!-- this originally had Olena's contact, but we should replace it with something more generic. Is there contact info for this request? -->. After the alignment meeting, your product owner or your Ministry's devops champion can submit a project provisioning request through the [OpenShift 4 Project Registry](https://registry.developer.gov.bc.ca/public-landing). Once your request(s) are approved, the project is created and the requestor is notified when provisioning is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you meet the criteria, book an onboarding meeting with the Platform Product Director to confirm your project's suitability by contacting the Platform Services Team at PlatformServicesTeam@gov.bc.ca. After the alignment meeting, your product owner or your Ministry's DevOps Chapter Lead can submit a project provisioning request through the [Platform Project Registry](https://registry.developer.gov.bc.ca/public-landing). Once your request is  approved, the project is created and the requestor is notified when provisioning is complete. 

**Note: The onboarding meeting with the Platform Product Director is a prerequisite to having a project provisioning request approved.**
```
